Test that Rust is installed by running the below command. You should see *not an error*. 
`$ rustc --version`

Rust code files end in `.rs`, so make a `main.rs`.

Write code like the below.
```
fn main() {
	println!("Hello, world!");
}
```

If you have written much code before, you will probably fundamentally understand this, and you may notice two things:
- There are no includes/libraries
- There's an exclamation point when printing the line.

## Code Breakdown
`fn main() {`
- `fn` declares a function. 
- `fn main` declares a function called main. 
- `fn main()` declares a function called main that takes no parameters.
- `fn main() {` does the above and starts the code block that the function executes.

- `println!` is a macro that will print text to the terminal
- `println!("Hello, world!")` is a macro that will print the text inside the parentheses.
- The `;` at the end is simply a line terminator - it tells Rust that this line of code is over. Later, you will see some multi-line code and undertand better why this is needed, but don't think too hard about it right now.

- The last line is a `}` which closes the code block that started on the first line. This ends the function.

## No External Libraries
The short answer here is: Rust includes the necessary functionality in the standard library, and Rust standard library is automatically included.

## `println!()` Exclamation Point
The short explanation here is that `println!()` is a macro, not a standard function.

## Compile and Run
Compile with:
`$ rustc main.rs`
You should see a binary executable. If not, the Rust compiler should provide you with *actually useful* information on what is wrong. This is a cool feature of rust.

```
evan@mypc:~/rust/01$ cat main.rs
fn main() {
    println!("Hello, world!");
}
evan@mypc:~/rust/01$ rustc main.rs
evan@mypc:~/rust/01$ ./main
Hello, world!
```

## You did it!
You are a rust programmer now.

Read on if you want to start learning how to do something useful with it.